[Music]
[Music] in the third year of the reign of king
in the third year of the reign of king
in the third year of the reign of king belshazzar
belshazzar
belshazzar a vision appeared to me to me Daniel
a vision appeared to me to me Daniel
a vision appeared to me to me Daniel after the one that appeared to me the
after the one that appeared to me the
after the one that appeared to me the first time I saw in the vision and it so
first time I saw in the vision and it so
first time I saw in the vision and it so happened while I was looking that I was
happened while I was looking that I was
happened while I was looking that I was in Shushan the citadel which is in the
in Shushan the citadel which is in the
in Shushan the citadel which is in the province of Elam and I saw in the vision
province of Elam and I saw in the vision
province of Elam and I saw in the vision that I was by the river you lie then I
that I was by the river you lie then I
that I was by the river you lie then I lifted my eyes and saw and there
lifted my eyes and saw and there
lifted my eyes and saw and there standing beside the river was a ram
standing beside the river was a ram
standing beside the river was a ram which had two horns and the two horns
which had two horns and the two horns
which had two horns and the two horns were high but one was higher than the
were high but one was higher than the
were high but one was higher than the other and the higher one came up last I
other and the higher one came up last I
other and the higher one came up last I saw the RAM
saw the RAM
saw the RAM pushing westward northward and southward
pushing westward northward and southward
pushing westward northward and southward so that no animal could withstand it nor
so that no animal could withstand it nor
so that no animal could withstand it nor was there any that could deliver from
was there any that could deliver from
was there any that could deliver from his hand but he did according to his
his hand but he did according to his
his hand but he did according to his will and became great and as I was
will and became great and as I was
will and became great and as I was considering suddenly a male goat came
considering suddenly a male goat came
considering suddenly a male goat came from the West across the surface of the
from the West across the surface of the
from the West across the surface of the whole earth without touching the ground
whole earth without touching the ground
whole earth without touching the ground and the goat had a notable horn between
and the goat had a notable horn between
and the goat had a notable horn between his eyes then he came to the RAM that
his eyes then he came to the RAM that
his eyes then he came to the RAM that had two horns which I had seen standing
had two horns which I had seen standing
had two horns which I had seen standing beside the river and ran at him with
beside the river and ran at him with
beside the river and ran at him with furious power and I saw him confronting
furious power and I saw him confronting
furious power and I saw him confronting the RAM he was moved with rage against
the RAM he was moved with rage against
the RAM he was moved with rage against him attack the RAM and broke his two
him attack the RAM and broke his two
him attack the RAM and broke his two horns
horns
horns there was no power in the RAM to
there was no power in the RAM to
there was no power in the RAM to withstand him but he cast him down to
withstand him but he cast him down to
withstand him but he cast him down to the ground and trampled and there was no
the ground and trampled and there was no
the ground and trampled and there was no one that could deliver the RAM from his
one that could deliver the RAM from his
one that could deliver the RAM from his hand
hand
hand therefore the male goat grew very great
therefore the male goat grew very great
therefore the male goat grew very great but when he became strong the large horn
but when he became strong the large horn
but when he became strong the large horn was broken and in place of it four
was broken and in place of it four
was broken and in place of it four notable ones came up toward the four
notable ones came up toward the four
notable ones came up toward the four winds of heaven and out of one of them
winds of heaven and out of one of them
winds of heaven and out of one of them came a little horn which grew
came a little horn which grew
came a little horn which grew exceedingly great toward the south
exceedingly great toward the south
exceedingly great toward the south toward the east and toward the glorious
toward the east and toward the glorious
toward the east and toward the glorious land and they grew up to the hosts of
land and they grew up to the hosts of
land and they grew up to the hosts of heaven and had cast down some of the
heaven and had cast down some of the
heaven and had cast down some of the host and some of the stars to the ground
host and some of the stars to the ground
host and some of the stars to the ground and trampled them he even exalted
and trampled them he even exalted
and trampled them he even exalted himself as high as the Prince of the
himself as high as the Prince of the
himself as high as the Prince of the host and by him the daily sacrifices
host and by him the daily sacrifices
host and by him the daily sacrifices were taken away and the place of his
were taken away and the place of his
were taken away and the place of his sanctuary was cast down because of
sanctuary was cast down because of
sanctuary was cast down because of transgression an army was given over to
transgression an army was given over to
transgression an army was given over to the horn to oppose the daily sacrifices
the horn to oppose the daily sacrifices
the horn to oppose the daily sacrifices and he cast truth down to the ground he
and he cast truth down to the ground he
and he cast truth down to the ground he did all this and prospered then I heard
did all this and prospered then I heard
did all this and prospered then I heard the Holy Ones speaking and another Holy
the Holy Ones speaking and another Holy
the Holy Ones speaking and another Holy One said to that certain one who was
One said to that certain one who was
One said to that certain one who was speaking how long will the vision be
speaking how long will the vision be
speaking how long will the vision be concerning the daily sacrifices and the
concerning the daily sacrifices and the
concerning the daily sacrifices and the transgression of desolation the giving
transgression of desolation the giving
transgression of desolation the giving of both the sanctuary and the host to be
of both the sanctuary and the host to be
of both the sanctuary and the host to be trampled underfoot and he said to me for
trampled underfoot and he said to me for
trampled underfoot and he said to me for 2300 days then the sanctuary shall be
2300 days then the sanctuary shall be
2300 days then the sanctuary shall be cleansed then it happened
cleansed then it happened
cleansed then it happened when I Daniel had seen the vision and
when I Daniel had seen the vision and
when I Daniel had seen the vision and was seeking the meaning that suddenly
was seeking the meaning that suddenly
was seeking the meaning that suddenly they stood before me one having the
they stood before me one having the
they stood before me one having the appearance of a man and I heard a man's
appearance of a man and I heard a man's
appearance of a man and I heard a man's voice between the banks of the you'll I
voice between the banks of the you'll I
voice between the banks of the you'll I who called and said Gabriel make this
who called and said Gabriel make this
who called and said Gabriel make this man understand the vision so he came
man understand the vision so he came
man understand the vision so he came near where I stood and when he came I
near where I stood and when he came I
near where I stood and when he came I was afraid and fell on my face but he
was afraid and fell on my face but he
was afraid and fell on my face but he said to me understand son of man that
said to me understand son of man that
said to me understand son of man that the vision refers to the time of the end
the vision refers to the time of the end
the vision refers to the time of the end now as he was speaking with me
now as he was speaking with me
now as he was speaking with me I was in a deep sleep with my face to
I was in a deep sleep with my face to
I was in a deep sleep with my face to the ground but he touched me and stood
the ground but he touched me and stood
the ground but he touched me and stood me up right look I am making known to
me up right look I am making known to
me up right look I am making known to you what shall happen in the latter time
you what shall happen in the latter time
you what shall happen in the latter time of the indignation for at the appointed
of the indignation for at the appointed
of the indignation for at the appointed time the end shall be the RAM which you
time the end shall be the RAM which you
time the end shall be the RAM which you saw having the two horns they are the
saw having the two horns they are the
saw having the two horns they are the kings of media and Persia and the male
kings of media and Persia and the male
kings of media and Persia and the male goat is the kingdom of Greece the large
goat is the kingdom of Greece the large
goat is the kingdom of Greece the large horn that is between its eyes is the
horn that is between its eyes is the
horn that is between its eyes is the first king as for the broken horn and
first king as for the broken horn and
first king as for the broken horn and the four that stood up in its place four
the four that stood up in its place four
the four that stood up in its place four kingdoms shall arise out of that nation
kingdoms shall arise out of that nation
kingdoms shall arise out of that nation but not with its power and in the latter
but not with its power and in the latter
but not with its power and in the latter time of their Kingdom when the
time of their Kingdom when the
time of their Kingdom when the transgressors have reached their
transgressors have reached their
transgressors have reached their fullness a king shall arise having
fullness a king shall arise having
fullness a king shall arise having fierce features who understands sinister
fierce features who understands sinister
fierce features who understands sinister schemes his power shall be mighty but
schemes his power shall be mighty but
schemes his power shall be mighty but not by his own power he shall destroy
not by his own power he shall destroy
not by his own power he shall destroy fearfully and shall prosper and thrive
fearfully and shall prosper and thrive
fearfully and shall prosper and thrive he shall destroy the mighty and also the
he shall destroy the mighty and also the
he shall destroy the mighty and also the holy people through his cunning he shall
holy people through his cunning he shall
holy people through his cunning he shall cause deceit to prosper under his rule
cause deceit to prosper under his rule
cause deceit to prosper under his rule and he shall exalt himself in his heart
and he shall exalt himself in his heart
and he shall exalt himself in his heart he shall destroy many in their
he shall destroy many in their
he shall destroy many in their prosperity he shall even rise against
prosperity he shall even rise against
prosperity he shall even rise against the Prince of princes but he shall be
the Prince of princes but he shall be
the Prince of princes but he shall be broken without human means and the
broken without human means and the
broken without human means and the vision of the evenings and mornings
vision of the evenings and mornings
vision of the evenings and mornings which was told is truth therefore seal
which was told is truth therefore seal
which was told is truth therefore seal up the vision for it refers to many days
up the vision for it refers to many days
up the vision for it refers to many days in the future
in the future
in the future [Music]
and I Daniel fainted and was sick for
and I Daniel fainted and was sick for days afterward I arose and went about
days afterward I arose and went about
days afterward I arose and went about the King's business I was astonished by
the King's business I was astonished by
the King's business I was astonished by the vision but no one understood it